= Forum-Tools
  "Untangles every thread"

Toolset for analysing forum-data. Currently Hacker News specifically,
but a (limited) parser for {the SIOC format}[http://sioc-project.org] 
is being added.

Forum-Tools is still a bit rough around the edges, but should be 
working, and be operable by someone with basic Ruby knowledge.

== Usage

You will need Linux or another POSIX based system (Mac) to run the
scripts as they are.

The :root_dir in config.rb needs to be set before usage.

The scripts are ran using the runner.rb script, though they can be
invoked directly as well.

./runner.rb -l lists all available tasks

./runner.rb -h shows some help-information

=== Important scripts
* config.rb config-settings for all scripts
* networker.rb generates the social networks from .yaml corpus files
  such as the HN corpus.
* runner.rb runs the other scripts
* sampler.rb allows you to take a subset from the data, such as
  weekdays, or only the first week
* statter.rb takes various descriptive and other statistics from the
  yaml data

=== Miscellaneous scripts:
* anonymizer.rb anonymizes the data, which is already done for the
  HN corpus.
* arrower.rb adds SVG arrows to .svg files created by Gephi. So this
  script will most often not be used.
* parser.rb parses html files fetched from HN.
* threader.rb generates threads and average karma-ratings for all
  threads in .json format to be used with the agent-based-forum (see
  github)

There are also a few libraries in lib, and some R-scripts in the
helper_scripts directory.

Gephi, NodeXL and Pajek can be used to open the generated network
files (.gexf, .graphml, .net, respectively).

== Copyrights

Forum-Tools and these docs are Copyright (c) 2011 Wybo Wiersma. 
Forum-Tools is licensed under the {Affero General Public 
License}[http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html]. These docs are 
available under the {Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 
License}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/].
